........................................................................
Personal Stuff:

You may use this under the BSD license specified below, but we're
curious about anyone who does use it.  I'd consider it a favor if
you'd drop us a note about what you are doing with it and any
comments you have.

$Id$

........................................................................
Legal Stuff: The Code

Copyright (c) 2003-2004, Ken Arnold
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:


    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
    in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
    distribution.

    Neither the name of the Napkin Look & Feel Project nor the names
    of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
    derived from this software without specific prior written
    permission.


THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

........................................................................
Legal Stuff: The Handwritten Font

____________________________________
Ænigma Scrawl  Created by Brian Kent
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯

Thanks for Downloading Ænigma Scrawl.


If you have any questions or comments, you can e-mail me at
kentpw@norwich.net

You can visit my Homepage <ÆNIGMA GAMES & FONTS> at
http://www.aenigmafonts.com/

____________
!!! NOTE !!!
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
This font has been updated!  I've edited the (BRK) in the font name
to just BRK.  It seems that Adobe Illustrator and web pages with CSS
don't like fonts with ( and ) in their name.

________________
INSTALLING FONTS
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
  There's a couple of ways to install Fonts. The 'easy' way to
install fonts is to just Unzip/place the font file [.ttf] into your
Windows\Fonts directory (I always use this method). If you're unable
to do it the 'easy' way, then try to do it this way (for Windows
95/98/NT):

1] Unzip the Font(s) to a folder (or somewhere, just remember where
you unzipped it) on your Computer.

2] Next, click on the START button, then select SETTINGS then
CONTROL PANEL.

3] When the Control Panel Window pops up, Double Click on FONTS.

4] When the FONTS window pops up, select File then Install New Font...

5] A Add Fonts window will pop up, just go to the folder that you
unzipped the Font(s) to, select the Font(s) and then click on OK.
Now the Font(s) are installed.

  Now you can use the Font(s) in programs the utilize Fonts.  Make
sure that you install the font(s) first, then open up your apps
(so the app will recognize the font).    Sometimes you'll have to
wait until you computer 'auto-refreshes' for programs to recognize
fonts (Windows is sometimes slow to do that).  You can refresh your
computer quicker by going into Windows Explorer -or- My Computer and
press F5 (or in the menubar select VIEW then REFRESH).


__________
DISCLAIMER
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
-The font(s) in this zip file were created by me (Brian Kent).  All
of my Fonts are Freeware, you can use them any way you want to
(Personal use, Commercial use, or whatever).

-If you have a Font related site and would like to offer my fonts on
your site, go right ahead. All I ask is that you keep this text file
intact with the Font.

-You may not Sell or Distribute my Fonts for profit or alter them in
any way without asking me first.  [e-mail -  kentpw@norwich.net]

........................................................................
Legal Stuff: The Typewritter Font

I downloaded this from http://www.abstractfonts.com/fonts/ which
came with no attribution or README or anything but the TTF file.
AbstractFonts seems to be good about that kind of thing, so I have
assumed that it is in the public domain.  If anyone knows better,
or has a way to give proper credit and attribution, please let me
know.
